community-membership.md, before:

# KubeEdge Community Membership

**Note :** This document keeps changing based on the status and feedback of KubeEdge Community.

This document gives a brief overview of the KubeEdge community roles with the requirements and responsibilities associated with them.

| Role | Requirements | Responsibilities | Privileges |
| -----| ---------------- | ------------ | -------|
| [Member](#member) | Sponsor from 2 approvers, active in community, contributed to KubeEdge | Welcome and guide new contributors | KubeEdge GitHub organization Member |
| [Approver](#approver) | Sponsor from 2 maintainers, has good experience and knowledge of domain, actively contributed to code and review  | Review and approve contributions from community members | Write access to specific packagies in relevant repository |
| [Maintainer](#maintainer) | Sponsor from 2 owners, shown good technical judgement in feature design/development and PR review | Participate in release planning and feature development/maintenance | Top level write access to relevant repository. Name entry in Maintainers file of the repository |
| [Owner](#owner) | Sponsor from 3 owners, helps drive the overall KubeEdge project | Drive the overall technical roadmap of the project and set priorities of activities in release planning | KubeEdge GitHub organization Admin access |


**Note :** It is mandatory for all KubeEdge community members to follow KubeEdge [Code of Conduct].

## Member

Members are active participants in the community who contribute by authoring PRs,
reviewing issues/PRs or participate in community discussions on slack/mailing list.


### Requirements

- Sponsor from 2 approvers
- Enabled [two-factor authentication] on their GitHub account
- Actively contributed to the community. Contributions may include, but are not limited to:
    - Authoring PRs
    - Reviewing issues/PRs authored by other community members
    - Participating in community discussions on slack/mailing list
    - Participate in KubeEdge community meetings


### Responsibilities and privileges

- Member of the KubeEdge GitHub organization
- Can be assigned to issues and PRs and community members can also request their review
- Participate in assigned issues and PRs
- Welcome new contributors
- Guide new contributors to relevant docs/files
- Help/Motivate new members in contributing to KubeEdge


## Approver

Approvers are active members who have good experience and knowledge of the domain.
They have actively participated in the issue/PR reviews and have identified relevant issues during review.


### Requirements

- Sponsor from 2 maintainers
- Member for at least 2 months
- Have reviewed good number of PRs
- Have good codebase knowledge


### Responsibilities and Privileges

- Review code to maintain/improve code quality
- Acknowledge and work on review requests from community members
- May approve code contributions for acceptance related to relevant expertise
- Have 'write access' to specific packages inside a repo, enforced via bot
- Continue to contribute and guide other community members to contribute in KubeEdge project

## Maintainer

Maintainers are approvers who have shown good technical judgement in feature design/development in the past.
Has overall knowledge of the project and features in the project.

### Requirements

- Sponsor from 2 owners
- Approver for at least 2 months
- Nominated by a project owner
- Good technical judgement in feature design/development

### Responsibilities and privileges

- Participate in release planning
- Maintain project code quality
- Ensure API compatibility with forward/backward versions based on feature graduation criteria
- Analyze and propose new features/enhancements in KubeEdge project
- Demonstrate sound technical judgement
- Mentor contributors and approvers
- Have top level write access to relevant repository (able click Merge PR button when manual check-in is necessary)
- Name entry in Maintainers file of the repository
- Participate & Drive design/development of multiple features

## Owner

Owners are maintainers who have helped drive the overall project direction.
Has deep understanding of KubeEdge and related domain and facilitates major agreement in release planning

### Requirements

- Sponsor from 3 owners
- Maintainer for at least 2 months
- Nominated by a project owner
- Not opposed by any project owner
- Helped in driving the overall project

### Responsibilities and Privileges

- Make technical decisions for the overall project
- Drive the overall technical roadmap of the project
- Set priorities of activities in release planning
- Guide and mentor all other community members
- Ensure all community members are following Code of Conduct
- Although given admin access to all repositories, make sure all PRs are properly reviewed and merged
- May get admin access to relevant repository based on requirement
- Participate & Drive design/development of multiple features


**Note :** These roles are applicable only for KubeEdge github organization and repositories. Currently KubeEdge doesn't have a formal process for review and acceptance into these roles. We will come-up with a process soon.

[Code of Conduct]: https://github.com/kubeedge/community/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
[two-factor authentication]: https://help.github.com/articles/about-two-factor-authentication

Commit message:

add reviewer role in Community membership

community-membership.md, after:

# KubeEdge Community Membership

**Note :** This document keeps changing based on the status and feedback of KubeEdge Community.

This document gives a brief overview of the KubeEdge community roles with the requirements and responsibilities associated with them.

| Role | Requirements | Responsibilities | Privileges |
| -----| ---------------- | ------------ | -------|
| [Member](#member) | Sponsor from 2 reviewers, active in community, multiple contributions to KubeEdge | Active contributor in the community | KubeEdge GitHub organization Member |
| [Reviewer](#member) | Sponsor from 2 approvers, has good experience and history of review in specific package | Review contributions from other members | Add `lgtm` label to specific PRs |
| [Approver](#approver) | Sponsor from 2 maintainers, highly experienced and knowledge of domain, actively contributed to code and review  | Review and approve contributions from community members | Write access to specific packagies in relevant repository |
| [Maintainer](#maintainer) | Sponsor from 2 owners, shown good technical judgement in feature design/development and PR review | Participate in release planning and feature development/maintenance | Top level write access to relevant repository. Name entry in Maintainers file of the repository |
| [Owner](#owner) | Sponsor from 3 owners, helps drive the overall KubeEdge project | Drive the overall technical roadmap of the project and set priorities of activities in release planning | KubeEdge GitHub organization Admin access |


**Note :** It is mandatory for all KubeEdge community members to follow KubeEdge [Code of Conduct].

## Member

Members are active participants in the community who contribute by authoring PRs,
reviewing issues/PRs or participate in community discussions on slack/mailing list.


### Requirements

- Sponsor from 2 reviewers
- Enabled [two-factor authentication] on their GitHub account
- Actively contributed to the community. Contributions may include, but are not limited to:
    - Authoring PRs
    - Reviewing issues/PRs authored by other community members
    - Participating in community discussions on slack/mailing list
    - Participate in KubeEdge community meetings
- Open an issue against the kubeedge/community repo
- Have your sponsoring reviewers reply confirmation of sponsorship: +1
- Once your sponsors have responded, your request will be reviewed by the org owners


### Responsibilities and privileges

- Member of the KubeEdge GitHub organization
- Can be assigned to issues and PRs and community members can also request their review
- Participate in assigned issues and PRs
- Welcome new contributors
- Guide new contributors to relevant docs/files
- Help/Motivate new members in contributing to KubeEdge

## Reviewer

Reviewers are able to review code for quality and correctness on some part of a subproject. 
They are knowledgeable about both the codebase and software engineering principles.


### Requirements

- member for at least 1 months
- Primary reviewer for at least 5 PRs to the codebase
- Reviewed or merged at least 20 substantial PRs to the codebase
- Knowledgeable about the codebase
- May either self-nominate,  or be nominated by an approver


### Responsibilities and privileges

- Code reviewer status may be a precondition to accepting large code contributions
- Responsible for project quality control
- Focus on code quality and correctness, including testing and refactoring
- May also review for more holistic issues, but not a requirement
- Expected to be responsive to review requests, add `lgtm` label to reviewed PRs

## Approver

Approvers are active members who have good experience and knowledge of the domain.
They have actively participated in the issue/PR reviews and have identified relevant issues during review.


### Requirements

- Sponsor from 2 maintainers
- Member for at least 2 months
- Have reviewed good number of PRs
- Have good codebase knowledge


### Responsibilities and Privileges

- Review code to maintain/improve code quality
- Acknowledge and work on review requests from community members
- May approve code contributions for acceptance related to relevant expertise
- Have 'write access' to specific packages inside a repo, enforced via bot
- Continue to contribute and guide other community members to contribute in KubeEdge project

## Maintainer

Maintainers are approvers who have shown good technical judgement in feature design/development in the past.
Has overall knowledge of the project and features in the project.

### Requirements

- Sponsor from 2 owners
- Approver for at least 2 months
- Nominated by a project owner
- Good technical judgement in feature design/development

### Responsibilities and privileges

- Participate in release planning
- Maintain project code quality
- Ensure API compatibility with forward/backward versions based on feature graduation criteria
- Analyze and propose new features/enhancements in KubeEdge project
- Demonstrate sound technical judgement
- Mentor contributors and approvers
- Have top level write access to relevant repository (able click Merge PR button when manual check-in is necessary)
- Name entry in Maintainers file of the repository
- Participate & Drive design/development of multiple features

## Owner

Owners are maintainers who have helped drive the overall project direction.
Has deep understanding of KubeEdge and related domain and facilitates major agreement in release planning

### Requirements

- Sponsor from 3 owners
- Maintainer for at least 2 months
- Nominated by a project owner
- Not opposed by any project owner
- Helped in driving the overall project

### Responsibilities and Privileges

- Make technical decisions for the overall project
- Drive the overall technical roadmap of the project
- Set priorities of activities in release planning
- Guide and mentor all other community members
- Ensure all community members are following Code of Conduct
- Although given admin access to all repositories, make sure all PRs are properly reviewed and merged
- May get admin access to relevant repository based on requirement
- Participate & Drive design/development of multiple features


**Note :** These roles are applicable only for KubeEdge github organization and repositories. Currently KubeEdge doesn't have a formal process for review and acceptance into these roles. We will come-up with a process soon.

[Code of Conduct]: https://github.com/kubeedge/community/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
[two-factor authentication]: https://help.github.com/articles/about-two-factor-authentication
