README.md, before:

# KubeEdge Community

Welcome to the KubeEdge Community!

This is the starting point for becoming a contributor - improving code, improving docs, giving talks, etc.


## Community Meeting

Regular Community Meeting:
- Europe Time: **Wednesdays at 16:30-17:30 Beijing Time** (biweekly, starting from Feb. 19th 2020).
([Convert to your timezone.](https://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=16%3A30&tz=GMT%2B8&))
- Pacific Time: **Wednesdays at 10:00-11:00 Beijing Time** (biweekly, starting from Feb. 26th 2020).
([Convert to your timezone.](https://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=10%3A00&tz=GMT%2B8&))

Resources:
- [Meeting notes and agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Sr5QS_Z04uPfRbA7PrXr3aPwCRpx7EtsyHq7mp6CnHs/edit)
- [Meeting recordings](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLQtlO1kVWGXkRGkjSrLGEPJODoPb8s5FM)
- [Meeting link](https://zoom.us/j/4167237304)
- [Meeting Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=8rjk8o516vfte21qibvlae3lj4%40group.calendar.google.com) | [Subscribe](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=OHJqazhvNTE2dmZ0ZTIxcWlidmxhZTNsajRAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)


## Contact

<!--
We don't have a troubleshooting guide yet.  When we do, uncomment the following and add the link.
If you need support, start with the [troubleshooting guide], and work your way through the process that we've outlined.

-->
If you have questions, feel free to reach out to us in the following ways:

- [mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/kubeedge)
- [slack](https://kubeedge.io/docs/community/slack/)
- [twitter](https://twitter.com/kubeedge)



## Contribute

The [Contributor Guide](./contribute.md) provides detailed instruction on how to get your ideas and bug fixes seen and accepted, including:

1. How to [find something to work on](./contribute.md#find-something-to-work-on)
1. How to [open an issue](./contribute.md#file-an-issue)
1. How to [summit a pull request](./contribute.md#creating-pull-requests)

If you're interested in being a contributor and want to get involved in
developing the KubeEdge code, please see [contribute](./contribute.md) for
details on submitting patches and the contribution workflow.

## Membership
We encourage all contributors to become members. Learn more about requirements and responsibilities of membership in our [Community Membership doc](./community-membership.md).

If you have made contributions that meet the requirements of becoming KubeEdge member, [simply file an issue](https://github.com/kubeedge/community/issues/new) to apply.

Commit message:

make security reporting information be more easily findable
Signed-off-by: fisherxu <fisherxu1@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# KubeEdge Community

Welcome to the KubeEdge Community!

This is the starting point for becoming a contributor - improving code, improving docs, giving talks, etc.


## Community Meeting

Regular Community Meeting:
- Europe Time: **Wednesdays at 16:30-17:30 Beijing Time** (biweekly, starting from Feb. 19th 2020).
([Convert to your timezone.](https://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=16%3A30&tz=GMT%2B8&))
- Pacific Time: **Wednesdays at 10:00-11:00 Beijing Time** (biweekly, starting from Feb. 26th 2020).
([Convert to your timezone.](https://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=10%3A00&tz=GMT%2B8&))

Resources:
- [Meeting notes and agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Sr5QS_Z04uPfRbA7PrXr3aPwCRpx7EtsyHq7mp6CnHs/edit)
- [Meeting recordings](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLQtlO1kVWGXkRGkjSrLGEPJODoPb8s5FM)
- [Meeting link](https://zoom.us/j/4167237304)
- [Meeting Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=8rjk8o516vfte21qibvlae3lj4%40group.calendar.google.com) | [Subscribe](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=OHJqazhvNTE2dmZ0ZTIxcWlidmxhZTNsajRAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)


## Contact

<!--
We don't have a troubleshooting guide yet.  When we do, uncomment the following and add the link.
If you need support, start with the [troubleshooting guide], and work your way through the process that we've outlined.

-->
If you have questions, feel free to reach out to us in the following ways:

- [mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/kubeedge)
- [slack](https://kubeedge.io/docs/community/slack/)
- [twitter](https://twitter.com/kubeedge)



## Contribute

The [Contributor Guide](./contribute.md) provides detailed instruction on how to get your ideas and bug fixes seen and accepted, including:

1. How to [find something to work on](./contribute.md#find-something-to-work-on)
1. How to [open an issue](./contribute.md#file-an-issue)
1. How to [summit a pull request](./contribute.md#creating-pull-requests)

If you're interested in being a contributor and want to get involved in
developing the KubeEdge code, please see [contribute](./contribute.md) for
details on submitting patches and the contribution workflow.

## Reporting security vulnerabilities

We encourage security researchers, industry organizations and users to proactively report suspected vulnerabilities to our security team (`cncf-kubeedge-security@lists.cncf.io`), the team will help diagnose the severity of the issue and determine how to address the issue as soon as possible.

For further details please see [Security Policy](https://github.com/kubeedge/community/blob/master/team-security/SECURITY.md) for our security process and how to report vulnerabilities.


## Membership
We encourage all contributors to become members. Learn more about requirements and responsibilities of membership in our [Community Membership doc](./community-membership.md).

If you have made contributions that meet the requirements of becoming KubeEdge member, [simply file an issue](https://github.com/kubeedge/community/issues/new) to apply.
