sig-ai/README.md, before:

# SIG AI

The SIG AI focuses on technical discussion, API definition, reference architecture, implementation in the Edge AI field, to enable AI applications better running on edge (including cost saving, performance improvement, and data protection).


The [charter](charter.md) defines the scope and governance of the AI Special Interest Group.

## Meetings


* Regular SIG Meeting: [Thursday at 10:00 UTC+8](https://zoom.us/my/kubeedge) (weekly, starts on Nov. 12th 2020). [Convert to your timezone](https://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=10%3A00%20am&tz=GMT%2B8&).
 * [Meeting notes and Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12n3kGUWTkAH4q2Wv5iCVGPTA_KRWav_eakbFrF9iAww/edit#).
 * [Meeting Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y19nODluOXAwOG05MzFiYWM3NmZsajgwZzEwOEBncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t) | [Subscribe](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=OHJqazhvNTE2dmZ0ZTIxcWlidmxhZTNsajRAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)
 
## Contact
- Slack: [#sig-ai](https://app.slack.com/client/TDZ5TGXQW/C01EG84REVB)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/kubeedge)

Commit message:

Add SIG AI networking chairs and technical leads
Signed-off-by: Jie Pu <i@jaypu.com>

sig-ai/README.md, after:

# SIG AI

The SIG AI focuses on technical discussion, API definition, reference architecture, implementation in the Edge AI field, to enable AI applications better running on edge (including cost saving, performance improvement, and data protection).


The [charter](charter.md) defines the scope and governance of the AI Special Interest Group.

## Meetings


* Regular SIG Meeting: [Thursday at 10:00 UTC+8](https://zoom.us/my/kubeedge) (weekly, starts on Nov. 12th 2020). [Convert to your timezone](https://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=10%3A00%20am&tz=GMT%2B8&).
 * [Meeting notes and Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12n3kGUWTkAH4q2Wv5iCVGPTA_KRWav_eakbFrF9iAww/edit#).
 * [Meeting Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y19nODluOXAwOG05MzFiYWM3NmZsajgwZzEwOEBncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t) | [Subscribe](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=OHJqazhvNTE2dmZ0ZTIxcWlidmxhZTNsajRAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)


### Chairs

The Chairs of the SIG run operations and processes governing the SIG.

- Xiaohou Shi (@xhken), China Telecom
- Zimu Zheng (@MooreZheng), Huawei

### Technical Leads

The Technical Leads of the SIG establish new subprojects, decommission existing subprojects, and resolve cross-subproject technical issues and decisions.

- Jie Pu (@jaypume), Huawei
- Yutong Wang (@Ratuchetp), China Telecom

> If any individual or organization is willing to participate in the management of our sig, please send an email to [kubeedge](kubeedge@googlegroups.com).


## Contact
- Slack: [#sig-ai](https://app.slack.com/client/TDZ5TGXQW/C01EG84REVB)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/kubeedge)
