sig-testing/README.md, before:

# Testing Special Interest Group

Interested in how we can most effectively test KubeEdge. We're interested specifically in making it easier for the community to run tests and contribute test results, to ensure KubeEdge is stable across a variety of cluster configurations and cloud providers.

The [charter](https://github.com/kubeedge/community/blob/master/sig-testing/charter.md) defines the scope and governance of the Testing Special Interest Group.

- ## Meetings

  - Regular SIG Meeting: [Monday at 15:30 UTC+8](https://zoom.us/j/4167237304) (biweekly, starts on Jun. 28th 2022). [Convert to your timezone](https://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=10%3A00 am&tz=GMT%2B8&).
  - [Meeting notes and Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PeuZzfLjU8oIduKI2nFeckKAhhckME4tqCZ33WmORBI/edit#heading=h.252sw1n3b1vb).
  - [Meeting Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=8rjk8o516vfte21qibvlae3lj4%40group.calendar.google.com) | [Subscribe](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=OHJqazhvNTE2dmZ0ZTIxcWlidmxhZTNsajRAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

  ## Contact

  - [#sig-testing slack channel](https://kubeedge.slack.com)
  - [Open Community Issues](https://github.com/kubeedge/community/issues)
  - [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/kubeedge)

  ## Leadership

  ### Chairs

  The Chairs of the SIG run operations and processes governing the SIG.

  - XsWack (**[@wackxu](https://github.com/wackxu)**)

Commit message:

modify README of sig testing
Signed-off-by: Shelley-BaoYue <baoyue2@huawei.com>
Signed-off-by: chch9907 <799783944@qq.com>

sig-testing/README.md, after:

# Testing Special Interest Group

Interested in how we can most effectively test KubeEdge. We're interested specifically in making it easier for the community to run tests and contribute test results, to ensure KubeEdge is stable across a variety of cluster configurations and cloud providers.

The [charter](https://github.com/kubeedge/community/blob/master/sig-testing/charter.md) defines the scope and governance of the Testing Special Interest Group.

## Meetings

*TBD*

## Contact

- [#sig-testing slack channel](https://kubeedge.slack.com)
- [Open Community Issues](https://github.com/kubeedge/community/issues)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/kubeedge)

## Leadership

### Chairs

The Chairs of the SIG run operations and processes governing the SIG.

*TODO*

### Technical Leads

The Technical Leads of the SIG establish new subprojects, decommission existing subprojects, and resolve cross-subproject technical issues and decisions.

- Shelley Bao (@Shelley-BaoYue), Huawei
